So what is machine learning? In this video, you'll learn
the definition of what it is and also get a sense of when
you might want to apply it. Let's take a look together. Here's a definition of what is
machine learning that is attributed to Arthur Samuel. He defined machine learning as the field
of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being
explicitly programmed. Samuel's claim to fame was
that back in the 1950s, he wrote the checkers playing program. And the amazing thing about this
program was that Arthur Samuel himself wasn't a very good checkers player. What he did was he had programmed
the computer to play maybe tens of thousands of games against itself
and by watching what sorts of board positions tended to lead to wins and
what positions tended to lead to losses. The checkers playing program learned over
time what a good or bad board positions. By trying to get to good and
avoid bad positions, his program learned to get better and
better at playing checkers. Because the computer had the patience to
play tens of thousands of games against itself, it was able to get so
much checkers playing experience that eventually it became a better checkers
player than Arthur Samuel himself. Now, throughout these videos,
besides me trying to talk about stuff, I occasionally ask you a question to help
make sure you understand the content. Here's one about what happens if
the computer had played far fewer games. Please take a look and pick whichever
you think is a better answer. Thanks for looking at the quiz. And so if you have selected this answer,
would have made it worse, then you got it right. In general,
the more opportunities you give a learning algorithm to learn,
the better it will perform. If you didn't select the correct answer
the first time, that's totally okay too. The point of these quiz questions isn't
to see if you can get them all correct on the first try, these questions are here just to help you
practice the concept you're learning. Arthur Samuel's definition
was a rather informal one, but in the next two videos,
we'll dive deeper together into one of the major types of
machine learning algorithms. In this class, you learn about many
different learning algorithms. The two main types of machine
learning are supervised learning and unsupervised learning. We'll define what these terms mean
more in the next couple of videos. Of these two, supervised learning
is the type of machine learning that is used most in many
real world applications, and that has seen the most rapid
advancement and innovation. In this specialization which has three
causes until though, the first and second causes will focus
on supervised learning and the third will focus on
unsupervised learning. You might have also heard
of reinforcement learning. This is another type of machine learning
algorithm did not talk about briefly, but by far the two most used types of learning
albums today are supervised learning and unsupervised learning. That's why we'll spend most of
this class talking about them. The other thing we're going to spend a lot
of time on in this specialization is practical advice for
applying learning algorithms. This is something I feel
pretty strongly about. Teaching about learning algorithms is
like giving someone a set of tools. And equally important or
even more important than making sure you have great tools is making sure
you know how to apply them. Because what good is it if someone
were to give you a steelyard hammer or a steelyard hand drill and say good luck,
now you have all the tools you need to build a three story house,
doesn't really work like that. And so too in machine learning, making sure you have the tools
is really important. And so as making sure that you
know how to apply the tools of machine learning effectively. So that's what you get in this class,
the tools as well as the skills and applying them effectively. I regularly visit with friends and
teams in some of the top tech companies. And even today, I see experienced
machine learning teams apply machine learning algorithms to some problems and sometimes they've been going at it for
six months without much success. And when I look at what they're doing, I
sometimes feel like I could have told them six months ago that the current approach
won't work and there's a different way of using these tools that will give
them a much better chance of success. So in this class, one of the relatively
unique things you learn is you learn a lot about the best practices for
how to actually develop a practical, valuable machine learning system. This way, you're less likely to end up in
one of those teams that end up losing six months going in the wrong direction. In this class, you gain a sense of how the
most skilled machine learning engineers build systems, and I hope you finish this
class as one of those very rare people in today's world that know how to design and
build serious machine learning systems. So that's machine learning. In the next video, let's look more deeply
at what is supervised learning and also what is unsupervised learning. In addition, you learn when you might
want to use each of them, supervised and unsupervised learning. I'll see you in the next video.