In this class, you learn about the state of the art and also practice implementing machine learning
algorithms yourself. You learn about the most important machine
learning algorithms, some of which are exactly what's being used in large AI or large tech companies
today and you get a sense of what is the
state of the art in AI. Beyond learning the algorithms
though, in this class, you also learn all the
important practical tips and tricks for making
them perform well. You get to implement
them and see how they work for yourself. Why is machine learning
so widely used today? Machine Learning had grown up as a sub-field of AI or
artificial intelligence. We wanted to build
intelligent machines. It turns out that there are a few basic things that we
could program a machine to do, such as how to find the
shortest path from a to b, like in your GPS. But for the most part, we just
did not know how to write an explicit program to do many of the more
interesting things, such as perform web search, recognize human speech, diagnose diseases from X-rays or
build a self-driving car. The only way we knew
how to do these things was to have a machine
learn to do it by itself. For me, when I founded and was leading the
Google Brain Team, I worked on problems
like speech recognition, computer vision for Google Maps, Street View images
and advertising, or leading AI by two. I worked on everything from
AI for augmented reality to combating payment forwards to leading a
self-driving car team. Most recently, a landing AI, AI fund in the
Stanford University up again to work on the
applications in the factory, large-scale agriculture,
health care, e-commerce, and other problems. Today, there are
hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions of people working on machine
learning applications who could tell you in the stories about their work with
machine learning. When you've learned
these skills, I hope that you too will
find the great fun to dabble in exciting different
applications and maybe even
different industries. In fact, I find it
hard to think of any industry that
machine learning is unlikely to touch in a significant way now
or in the near future. Looking even further
into the future, many people, including me, are excited about
the AI dream of someday building machines as
intelligent as you or me. This is sometimes called Artificial General
Intelligence or AGI. I think AGI has
been overhyped and we're still a long way
away from that goal. I don't know. It'll take 50 years or 500 years
or longer to get there. But mostly AI researchers believe that the best way to get closer toward that goal is by
using learning algorithms. Maybe ones that take
some inspiration from how the human brain works. You also hear a
little more about this Quest for AGI
later in this course. According to a
study by McKinsey, AI and machine learning
is estimated to create an additional 13
trillion US dollars of value annually
by the year 2023. Even though machine learning
is already creating tremendous amounts of value
in the software industry, I think there could be even vastly greater
value that has yet to be created outside the
software industry in sectors such as retail, travel, transportation, automotive, materials
manufacturing, and so on. Because of the massive
untapped opportunities across so many
different sectors, today there is a vast
unfulfilled demand for this skill set. That's why this is
such a great time to be learning about
machine learning. If you find machine learning
applications exciting, I hope you stick with
me through this class. I can almost
guarantee that you'll find mastering these
skills worthwhile. In the next video, we'll look at a more formal definition of
what is machine learning. And we'll begin to talk about the main types of machine learning
problems and algorithms. You pick up some of the main machine learning
terminology and start to get a sense of what are the
different algorithms and when each one
might be appropriate. So let's go on to
the next video.