In the last video, you saw what is unsupervised learning, and one type of unsupervised
learning called clustering. Let's give a slightly
more formal definition of unsupervised learning and take a quick look at some other types of unsupervised learning
other than clustering. Whereas in supervised learning, the data comes with
both inputs x and input labels y, in
unsupervised learning, the data comes only with inputs x but not output labels y, and the algorithm has to find some structure or some pattern or something interesting
in the data. We're seeing just one example of unsupervised learning called
a clustering algorithm, which groups similar
data points together. In this specialization,
you'll learn about clustering as well as two other types of
unsupervised learning. One is called anomaly detection, which is used to
detect unusual events. This turns out to be
really important for fraud detection in
the financial system, where unusual events,
unusual transactions could be signs of fraud and for
many other applications. You also learn about
dimensionality reduction. This lets you take a big data-set and almost
magically compress it to a much smaller data-set while losing as little
information as possible. In case anomaly detection and dimensionality
reduction don't seem to make too much
sense to you yet. Don't worry about
it. We'll get to this later in the
specialization. Now, I'd like to ask you another question to help you
check your understanding, and no pressure, if
you don't get it right on the first
try, is totally fine. Please select any
of the following that you think are examples
of unsupervised learning. Two are unsupervised
examples and two are supervised learning
examples. Please take a look. Maybe you remember the
spam filtering problem. If you have labeled data you now label as spam or
non-spam e-mail, you can treat this as a
supervised learning problem. The second example, the
news story example. That's exactly the
Google News and tangible example that you
saw in the last video. You can approach that using a clustering algorithm to
group news articles together. That we'll use
unsupervised learning. The market segmentation example that I talked about a
little bit earlier. You can do that as an unsupervised learning
problem as well because you can give your algorithm
some data and ask it to discover market
segments automatically. The final example on
diagnosing diabetes. Well, actually that's a lot like our breast cancer example from the supervised
learning videos. Only instead of benign
or malignant tumors, we instead have diabetes
or not diabetes. You can approach this as a
supervised learning problem, just like we did for the breast tumor
classification problem. Even though in the last video, we've talked mainly about
clustering, in later videos, in this specialization, we'll
dive much more deeply into anomaly detection and
dimensionality reduction as well. That's unsupervised learning. Before we wrap up this section, I want to share
with you something that I find really exciting, and useful, which is the use of Jupyter Notebooks in
machine learning. Let's take a look at
that in the next video.