From the videos, you've seen
supervised learning and unsupervised learning and
also examples of both. For you to more deeply
understand these concepts, I'll like to invite you
in this class to see, learn and maybe
later write codes yourself to implement
these concepts. The most widely used tool
by machine learning and data science practitioners
today is the Jupyter Notebook. This is the default
environments that a lot of us use to code up and experiment
and try things out. In this class, right here
in your web browser, you build a user Jupyter
Notebook environment to test out some of these
ideas for yourself as well. This is not some made up
simplified environment, this is the exact
same environments, the exact same tool,
the Jupyter Notebook that developers are using in many large countries right now. One type of lab that
you see throughout this class are optional labs, which are ones you can
open and run one line at a time with usually no need
to write any code yourself. Optional labs are
designed to be very easy and I can guarantee you
will get full marks, every single one of them
because there are no marks. All you need to do is open it up and just run the
code we've provided. By reading through and running the code in the optional labs, you see how machine
learning code runs. You should complete
them relatively quickly just by running it one line at a time
from top to bottom. Optional labs are
completely optional so you don't have to do them at all if you
don't want to, but I hope you will take a look because running through them will give you a deeper feel, give you a little
bit more experience with what machine
learning algorithms, what machine learning
code actually looks like. Starting next week,
there'll also be some practice labs
which would give you an opportunity to write
some of that code yourself but we'll get
to that next week. Don't worry about it for now and I hope you
just go through the next optional lab and get through the rest of the
content for this week. Let's take a look at an
example of a notebook. Here's what you see when you go to the first optional lab. Feel free to scroll up and
down and browse and mouseover the different menus and take a look at the different
options here. You might notice that there are two types of these blocks, also called cells in the notebook and there
are two types of cells. One is what's called
a Markdown cell, which means a bunch of tax. Here you can actually
edit the text if you don't like the
text that we wrote, but this is text that
describes the code. Then there's a
second type of block or cell which looks like this, which has a code cell. Here, we've already
provided the code and if you want to
run this code cell, hitting Shift Enter will run the code in this code
cell, and by the way, if you click on a markdown cell, so this showing all
this formatting, go ahead and hit Shift
Enter on your keyboard as well and that will also convert back to this nicely
formatted text. This optional lab shows
some common Python code, so you can go ahead and run this afterwards in your
own Jupyter notebook. When you jump into this
notebook yourself, what I'd like you
to do is select the cells and hit Shift Enter. Read through the code,
see if it makes sense, try to make a prediction
about what you think this code
would do and then hit Shift Enter and then see what the
code actually does, and if you like it, feel free to go in
and edit the code, change the code, and then
run it and see what happens. If you haven't played in the Jupyter Notebook
environment for, I hope you become
more familiar with Python in a Jupyter Notebook. I spend a lot of hours
playing around in Jupyter notebooks and so I hope you have fun with them too. After that, I look
forward to seeing you in the next video
where we'll take the supervised learning
problem as start to flesh out our first supervised
learning algorithm. I hope that will
be fun to you and look forward to
seeing you there.